NET-5104 envoy port mapping (#2707)
hashicorp/consul-k8s: .changelog/2707.txt

```release-note:feature

> api-gateway: adds 2000 to any privileged port defined on gateway listeners

Author: this might need some help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
api-gateway: map privileged ports on Gateway listeners to unprivileged ports so that containers don't require additional privileges 
```

> api-gateway: map privileged ports on Gateway listeners to unprivileged ports so that containers don't require additional privileges 

Author: - [ ] Need to update this
